
We believe that the current “blinded sample 2” should be eliminated from the paper and that only the current “revised sample 2” should be presented.  When modeling observational data we do always know the redshift and the ionizing background spectrum.  There isn’t anything “not blinded” about the “revised sample 2”.  There isn’t anything that we took into account about it in doing the modeling procedure.  Perhaps most importantly, there was an error in how the “blinded sample” simulated profiles were generated so our models were not converging.  This was due to an error and not to real physical effects.  By just presenting one sample 2 at z=2 with z=2 EBR we can focus on the important issues.

There is emphasis in the current draft about how the simulation distribution is continuous and is incorrectly modeled by discrete clouds.  However, looking at Figure 8, we see clearly discrete structures along the sightline that do seem like “clouds”.   To define “cloud” = I see it as a continuous spatial region that has close to the same density, metallicity, and temperature (perhaps within a few tenths of dex), and is moving at close to the same velocity (within 10-20km/s but with this gradient defining the non-thermal b parameter for the resulting profile).

There can be two clouds along the sightline that are superimposed in velocity, and they can either have similar or different properties.   If they have different densities and temperatures then they will show up in different proportions in the different ionization states and it will be possible to separate them.   If they are similar then they will materialize as one model component which has a “length” that is the sum of their two “lengths”.

A fair comparison of modeling results to simulation properties can take into account the visual appearance of cloud-like regions in the simulations.  For example, in Figure 8, if we start at the top we first pass through a structure from 8.5 to 6kpc.  The structure has density from -1.9 to -2.2, log temperature 4.0 to 4.5, and metallicity -1.0, and is moving at 0 to -20 {\kms} (the red model curve centered at -10km/s based on the absorption signature).   Our modeling finds this cloud to produce the blueward MgII component, the blueward SiIV component and the dominant CIV absorption.  It has a temperature of about 10^4K and a small b non-thermal of 5km/s which means there is coherent motion in this region which our modeling shows to be about 3kpc in extent along the sightline.  This is quite close to the actual size of the structure we see in Fig. 8.  We will call this Cloud 1

We see several somewhat lower density structures along the sightline (moving along the y=0 line) at 1 to 0kpc (density -2.6 to -2.8), at -2kpc (density -2.6), and at -5.5kpc to -6.5kpc (density -2.2 to -2.5).   The last structure has two separate substructures with similar densities that may or may not be moving at the same velocity.  If they are moving at similar, but not identical, velocities that would materialize as a larger non-thermal b parameter.

Starting with the -5.5kpc to -6.5kpc cloud/s with density -2.3 to -2.5, which we call Cloud 2, we would connect this to the red model curve centered at -15km/s, which has a density of about -2.1 and a temperature of 4.5.  This higher temperature and slightly lower density causes the ratio of CIV to MgII to be larger in this cloud than in Cloud 1. The non thermal b parameter is also larger, around 20km/s, presumably reflecting a velocity different between the two separate discrete structures contributing along the sightline.   From the model, we find a size of 2kpc, which seems a little larger than the 1kpc or so that we see in Fig. 8.

Next let’s consider Clouds 3 and 4, which are at 1 to 0kpc (density -2.6 to -2.8) and at -2kpc (density -2.6).    In principle, these may or may not be superimposed in velocity.  In our models, these could be associated with the turquoise and light green model curve that show absorption only in HI, at 30km/s and -20km/s.  The model temperatures are coming out colder than the 10^4K floor of the simulations, but with larger uncertainties.  The densities of the model clouds are also not well constrained for these clouds.  If the velocities match up with the simulation grid data, then these Cloud 3 and 4 structures are likely to be contributing to the absorption in this way.   If the velocities don’t match up then Clouds 3 and 4 from the simulation may be small enough and at a velocity superimposed on Cloud 1 and/or 2 such that they cannot be extracted from the data.

Along the sightline we see a large path length through black regions which have densities <-3.4 down to <-3.8.  The summed path length of this gas would be of order 10kpc, with perhaps a few kpc at the higher density of around -3.4. This could be called Cloud 5, but really it is extended and discontinuous gas - still some portion of it can combine to form one component of absorption.  In our model, we see a most likely density of around -3.5 to -3.8 for the OVI component, with an uncertain temperature.  The non-thermal b of this model cloud is about 15km/s.   It is not clear whether it is the slightly higher density dark purple gas that produces the OVI or a certain region of black at -3.8 (for example from 10 to -7 and/or -4 to -1.5kpc).   The turquoise component in our model could also be associated with some of this lower density gas, since its density is not well constrained.   If we have the velocity information (and temperature information) along this sightline then we would likely be able to sort this part out.

The process of considering these issues could also be made more rigorous than this “eyeball method” (though the eyeball method would be much better if we had the velocity and temperature information).  To do that one could look along the sightline for discontinuities in temperature, density, and metallicity and define “cloud boundaries” where these quantities changed significantly.  Then one could show the distributions of densities, temperatures, metallicities, and velocities for cells within a defined cloud region.   (For example we would guess that the region from 8.5 to 6kpc would end up as a cloud.).  The violins could be superimposed on these distributions cloud by cloud to see which structures we are successfully extracting.

Now that we can see the simulation structures in Fig. 8 and associate some of them with our model components, we are questioning why Fig. 11 is not making this association more clear.  Is it because the source data violins are smoothed too much, or is it because of the N(HI) weighting of the widths of the source data violins, or both?   When there isn’t a large contribution to N(HI) for a simulation cell, that doesn’t mean those cells should be de-emphasized in the comparison.  For example, low density or high temperature cells, can produce OVI absorption without significant HI absorption.